and now it's time for bum reviews with
Chester a bum tonight's review Kauai
those my god is the greatest movie I've
ever seen in my life but boy is it weird
to this goon cook or light and she's
like I'm bored and her mom is like pizza
so she might this boy who likes to
collect slugs I like two clicks let's do
with it I don't study then I smoked it
they taste like offered and so she finds
this magical door and she enters into
this fantasy where the parents are so
nice everybody's always dancing and
everybody goes out of their way to
please her but then some other
transforms into the stables wreak havoc
demon and she's like I'm going to put
friends in your eyes and coral eyes like
so she runs her in the room with all
these creepy girl flying around and
they're like and I'm like so jess it
through the evil little door and she's
safe everything's back to normal and she
can just go back to sleep but then
prepared let me get that my been evil
demon psychotic lady and so she has to
go to say so she's attacked by flying
dog kinneret many flowers hello man with
an accent I'm terrified of them with
mice and X then go back to Italy so she
finds her parents in the snow globe it
seems like everything's okay but things
are never okay because they entered the
torch i canta creepy spider and Coraline
is caught in her web and the woman
tonight God and Coraline is like so she
runs out the doors this by Roman is
following her and finally she closes the
door locks the key who know everything
is safe peaceful and totally under
control by economic tried to kill her
but then slug boy comes out king rides
and his bike destroy the evil hand and
Coraline was in forever with a
nightmarish memories that will haunt her
forever it was the feel good family
movie of the year it was so good that
I've so it twice what did I just take
some drugs they're pretty much the same
this is jittery bum see change you can
change I come on honey I'm William come
on Jay what could you please give me
I am eating preferences ever